(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai, Kari, and the other
Digi-destined children
alongside their loyal
Digimon partners
continue on their adventure.
Traveling with them is
Patamon, the Celestial Digimon,
who is the key to
saving the world.
The powers and noble
wings that were once taken
from Patamon have
slowly begun to return
as his bond with TK strengthens.
And now...
(Patamom giggling)
[Biyomon] (groans) That sure
was a big hill back there!
[Sora] You earned
some rest Komondomon.
(Komnondomon woof-grunts)
I don't know about you,
but I could use a nap too.
I'm way ahead of you.
(Joe sighs)
How's that feel? Relaxed yet?
It's amazing. I owe
you one Gomamon.
(laughs) Don't worry.
I'll send you the bill.
Are we staying here
tonight Gatomon?
Uh huh.
I don't sense any
threats here, so why not?
Yeah, well just in case,
Agumon and I will go
ahead and scout the area.
Wait, I can come too!
Yahoo! Merit badges.
(Tai laughs)
Um, I don't think you understand
what scout means, Agumon.
Well anyway, we'll look
around for any food nearby.
-Yeah!
-Yeah.
You could've stayed
back there, ya know.
I know, but I don't wanna
sit around. I wanna help!
I hear ya.
It's pretty foggy out here.
What if we get lost.
Yeah, maybe we should head back?
Huh?
What's up TK?
Straight up ahead. See that?
(mysterious music)
That wasn't there
earlier, was it?
Huh?
A Ferris wheel and
a roller-coaster?
That's weird. It's a theme park.
In a forest?
What's a theme park?
Theme parks are fun
places in our world
where you can go on rides!
But why is it here
in the Digital world?
Hey Matt, you see that?
(mysterious music)
(Opossummon giggles
mischievously)
[Opossummon] This is the
park's mascot, Monzaemon!
-(Opossummon giggling)
-(all gasp)
(electronic music)
(Opossummon giggling)
And who are you?"
Relax you guys! I'm not
one of those evil Digimon.
I'm Opossummon,
and I'm your guide
to the amazing Mon-Mon Park!
Mon-Mon Park?
Yup! This is where all
Digimon come to play.
A land of nonstop fun
and dream come true!
Well, it would be, but as you
can see we're a bit empty.
Kinda sad.
But that doesn't matter anymore
because we finally
have customers!
Yippee! I'm so happy!
Sorry but we're not
really customers.
We were actually out
here trying to find food.
Really?
-Oh okay.
-(deflated music)
-Come on, Matt.
-(Opossummon groaning)
I feel bad why don't we hang
around for a little bit?
Fine, but we can't
stay too long.
(Opossummon laughs)
Yay! I promise you
won't regret it!
Mon-Mon Park, open!
(fingers snap)
(carnival music)
(TK laughs)
(Opossummon chuckles wickedly)
[Patamon] So high.
How come we can't really
see anything from here.
[Matt] Well that's odd.
Oh hey, Matt.
Do you remember?
We once came to a theme park
one time, with all of us.
I do.
(melancholy music)
I remember it like
it was yesterday.
[TK] We had so much fun.
We did.
But we never ended up going
into the haunted house.
Because you kept saying you
were too scared to go inside.
What? you were scared
for once, Matt?
Yeah, so what?
You were the one crying all day
because you were too chicken
to try the roller-coaster!
Is that true, TK?
Huh? Oh is that what happened?
It sure did!
(everyone laughing)
What did you see TK?
Look, it's a carousel!
Really? A carousel.
(melancholy music continues)
(footsteps tapping)
Back then we...
(Xiaomon groaning)
Huh?
(TK gasps)
(Xiaomon groaning)
Are you okay? What happened?
Run while you can.
Danger. Danger.
-(ominous music)
-Huh?
Everyone's, going to-
What?
(Opossummon laughing
mischievously)
Whoopsie-daisy!
Looks like one got away from me.
What do you mean by that?
Well I was gonna wait until
you let your guard down,
But you leave me no choice.
(fingers snap)
(ominous music)
(all gasp)
I knew I got a weird
vibe from that guy.
(Opossummon chuckles wickedly)
(ominous music continues)
Ready?
Mm mm.
Patamon!
Patamon digivolve to...
(dramatic music)
Pegasusmon!
Gabumon!
(dramatic music continues)
Gabumon digivolve to...
Garurumon!
(Garurumon roaring)
(metallic shattering)
Show 'em what you got!
Mane Wind!
(mane wind blasting)
(metal clanging)
(tense music)
Howling Blaster!
Equus Beam!
(beams blasting)
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
(Garurumon grunts
in frustration)
TK!
(gasps) Over here!
Hang in there.
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
(suspenseful music)
(Garurumon roars)
That voice came from over here.
Big brother.
(Xiaomon whimpers)
Where did that dirty
Opossum run off to?
Can you hear me?
[TK] Over here!
TK!
[TK] Matt help!
It's coming from in here.
(suspenseful music continues)
Is this the kind
of haunted house
you two were talking
about earlier?
Yeah sort of.
Except this one's even
creepier if that's possible.
What?
Uh, it's nothing!
Just ignore me.
Huh?
What's wrong?
Big brother!
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
[Opossummon] You
actually fell for it?
It was a trap!
(ominous music)
(Matt gasps)
You said everyone earlier.
Does that mean there
are others besides you?
There are.
My friends who wandered in
here, were also captured.
And swallowed by a
huge scary monster!
(TK gasps)
(dramatic music)
(pensive music)
What do you mean they
were "swallowed"?
You see, before the
black lightning stopped.
We were terrified
and hid in the forest
just to get some kind of cover.
When suddenly, this
place appeared before us.
It was full of things
we'd never seen before
and everyone was
excited to try them!
Then, without any warning.
(ominous music)
(monster balloons growling)
(eerie howling)
(gasps) You mean they
terrorized you in a place
where you're supposed to
make your happiest memories?
Don't worry. We'll show 'em!
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
That sound again.
Hup.
Rodeo Kick!
(metallic crashing)
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
Made you look! Made you look!
(suspenseful music)
You know what time it is.
(dramatic music)
Garurumon digivolve to...
Weregarurumon!
(dramatic music continues)
(WereGarurumon roars)
We're coming for you.
(tense music)
Snack time! Snack time!
I hope you're hungry buddy.
[TK] Let him go!
If you say so!
(zip zipping)
(air whooshing)
Whoopsie Daisy!
(Xiaomon screams)
(TK gasps)
Now then, feast your eyes on
Mon-Mon Park's real mascot!
WaruMonzaemon!
(dramatic tense music)
(Warumonzaemon roars)
Warumonzaemon, an
ultimate Digimon.
Alright, now swallow
those chumps too!
And become even
stronger, WaruMonzaemon!
Rodeo Kick!
(claws clanging)
Star Shower!
(stars twinkling)
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
Not gonna work! Not gonna work!
WaruMonzaemon swallowed
up so many Digimon
that he's practically
unbeatable!
Equus Beam!
(beams blasting)
(both grunting)
And he's going to
become even stronger
with you as nutrients!
I can't wait! So much fun!
Nutrients?
You betcha!
We're actually
sucking the energy
from tons of helpless
Digimon as we speak!
Thanks to that, WaruMonzaemon
can become infinitely strong!
My adorable, gigantic
WaruMonzaemon.
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
Everyone's in there.
-Pegasusmon!
-Right!
What is that giant thing?!
TK!
Yay! Look how eager
they are to feed you!
Open wide, WaruMonzaemon!
TK! Stop!
(dramatic music)
Wolf Claw!
Aargh!
(TK grunting)
(TK yells)
Patamon!
I'm okay.
I see.
So you two ended up getting
swallowed up as well.
(somber music)
We're trapped. All of us.
We're being forced to
stay on this ride forever.
TK, it's sucking their energy!
(TK yells)
It's no use, you'll
only hurt yourselves.
No one ever escapes
from this place.
Come on! You can't
just give up yet!
Soon all our minds will
go completely blank.
and we'll continue
to go around forever.
Forever and forever.
And forever.
(Opossummon laughs
mischievously)
Oh, no! Why am I losing energy?
So tired.
Me too.
Thanks to your friends
offering themselves up,
Warumonzaemon has
gotten even stronger.
Which means they're
all probably getting
their life sucked out of
them at this very moment!
You little...
(WaruMozaemon roars)
Grow stronger my sweet,
sweet WaruMonzaemon.
I can't wait to see how strong
you get after eating them!
Devour them!
(Weregarurumon grunts)
Weregarurumon!
-I'm...
-Huh?
[TK] I'm gonna be
down here forever.
What did you say?
[TK] Stay here forever.
TK!
You gotta get out of
there, little bro!
We promised didn't we?
Remember what we said
about the carousel?
Let's ride the carousel
together next time!
Okay, okay.
(gentle music)
You promise?
I promise. Just you wait, TK.
Are you there? Talk to me!
Big brother. I hear you.
That's right, if I
give up I won't be able
to remember all my precious
memories with Matt.
So we can't lose hope. Not yet!
Because I made a
promise, with my brother!
(electronic whirring)
(balloon explodes)
-No way!
-Incredible.
That's right, we can't
give up. There's hope!
[All] That's because...
Hope is, the will
to never give up!
(all yelling)
(dramatic music)
You guys!
Patamon digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Angemon!
(WaruMonzaemon groaning)
Weregarurumon!
Yeah!
Hi Angemon!
Wolf Claw!
Hand of Fate!
What?
There you are Matt.
You alright little bro?
Urgh! How dare you!
WaruMonzaemon, swallow all of
those brats once and for all!
(blast rumbling)
It's no use.
Your attack is nothing
compared to the hope of TK
and these young Digimon,
it flows within me.
Because of their hope, my wings
can take flight once again!
(footsteps stomping)
(singing in Japanese)
(groaning) Curse you!
(Opossummon screams)
I was able to find hope again,
because you called
out to me big brother.
(Matt chuckles)
Welcome back, Angemon.
(gentle music)
You have our utmost thanks!
One day we're gonna make
this a real fun theme park
that everyone can enjoy!
When that time comes,
we'll ride the carousel.
Okay, it's a deal! (giggles)
Now, let's keep
looking for food.
You know we can't go
back empty-handed.
[TK] (laughing)
You got that right.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[TK] Next up on the
Digimon Encyclopedia is...
Daipenmon.
This Digimon is said to
hold unknown abilities.
They say his ice powers
are downright legendary!
Now let's check this
out! It's very cool!
The name of the weapon on
the right is Song of Thunder,
while the left is Purple Plague.
That reminds me,
it's my secret dream
to have shaved ice topped
with every known flavor!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Izzy expands
his mental capacity
to save the Digital World's
King of Inventors, Garbagemon!
Next time on Digimon Adventure:
King of Inventors, Garbagemon.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues to a new world.